Ted Dziuba == WIN!
Published on October 12, 2008.
Mostly because of this post , where he tells you what the programming interviewer is really thinking when he’s asking you how to find a cycle in a singly-linked list.
What The Interviewer Thinks: This job has nothing to do with linked lists.
In fact, I don’t think anyone has used a singly liked list since the seventies.
I wonder if you’re good at PHP and MySQL, because that’s what all the work is here, but I’m not going to ask you anything about actual job requirements, because that doesn’t afford me the opportunity to be pathologically pedantic.
Seriously, did he read my earlier post where I hated on the exact Amazon.com interviewer that he’s describing in his post?
Ted Dzubia should seriously be named the patron saint of computer science nerds instead of this guy .
He says what we think and some people actually listen to him!
PS, I just noticed I used the double equals (==) twice in a row on this blog.
Hmm. Maybe I should come up with better headlines.